# KonamiRoundDongTools-Python
 Tools to generate bin files for round konami dongs. 
 
 ## Current status
 Currently, the program is tested working on DDR SuperNOVA 1 and 2, MS and JP.
 All other games are untested, but DDR X will soon be tested.

## How to use
The basic usage for the program is:
`` python3 donglegen.py <DongleType> <Game> <Version> <Region> <PCBID> ``

### Dongle types:
The following usable dongle types are as follows:
- `B`: For generating a black security dongle.
- `W`: For generating a white eAmusement dongle.

### Games:
These are the following games that can be used:
- `ddr`: For generating a DDR dongle.
- `dm`: For generating a Drummania dongle. #UNTESTED
- `gf`: For generating a GuitarFreaks dongle. #UNTESTED
- `jb`: For generating a Jubeat dongle. #UNTESTED

### Versions:
Here are the usable versions:
- `ddr`:
> - `1`: SuperNOVA1
> - `2`: SuperNOVA2
> - `3`: DDR X #UNTESTED
- `gf` and `dm`:
> - `1`: V
> - `2`: V2
> - `3`: V3
> - `4`: V4
> - `5`: V5
> - `6`: V6
> - `7`: V7
> - `8`: V8
- `jb`:
> - `1`: Jubeat ORIGINAL
> - `2`: Jubeat Ripples
> - `3`: Jubeat Knit
> - `4`: Jubeat Copius

### Regions:
Here are the usable regions:
- `A`: Asian region.
- `J`: Japanese region.
- `K`: Korean region.
- `U`: United States region.

### PCBIDs:
A valid PCBID that you can use should be 8 characters long.
You can get the PCBID from your network provided PCBID, by using the last 8 characters.
If you don't have one, make up some random string. (do note that letters **MUST** be in caps)
> (example: SEX69LOL)


## Disclaimers

1. I will provide **NO** documentation on how to write these given files to real dongles. You're entirely on your own.
2. Using the files generated by this program to make and sell replica dongles is a **sin**. If I see any of this activity happening, I will, under no hesitation, make this repository private. The same thing can be said for running replica dongles in public locations for a profit.
3. I cannot confirm that I am able to provide support for this program, but I'll do what I can.

## Adding support
If you would like to add a game to this program, create a fork and PR it. I'll try and finish GFDM and Jubeat soon, but for now that's it.
To add a new game you **need** the following information:
- The proper mcode structure
- The game's signing key
